To create our account.jsp page.
Let's start by opening up our login page,
and we're going to copy all of the source out of here,
since we have it all stylized and everything ready to apply that,
and we want to right‑click on our jsp directory and say New,
JSP.
We're going to call it account,
and it will add the extension of .jsp on there for us.
We can highlight all this code and paste that in there,
and then we're going to change a couple things inside of here.
I'll make this full screen so we can get a better view of it.
At the very top, we can change the title to Create
Account, and we scroll down here.
There's an h1. We'll change that Create Account as well.
Then we can remove these two divs for error messages with the login.
And now we're down to the form that will handle just our account creation.
I want to start off by changing this to a model attribute.
We could leave the method of post there of account,
and that's going to tie to an account object on the back end.
And yours may be read like mine is here,
and that's because we haven't created that account back in yet.
We're going to here in a second.
I want to go ahead and change this to be Username, and it
can be tied to that name of username.
We'll copy that line a couple of times here, and we'll have First Name. We'll
change that text as well. I am going to do mine camelCase,
and I recommend you follow the exact same convention I am, because it
will work when we tie it to the bean on the back end.
So we'll have Last Name and do the same thing here, Last Name.
Now we need to also have an email field, tie that into Email, and
we have our password. We can get rid of this, remember me, from the
login page and paste that down below.
We'll give this a label of Confirm Password. We'll
change the name to Matching Password.
And then the last thing we want to do on this page is
change that value from login to just submit.
I'm going to make mine a capital S, and we'll save this.
Our account page is now set up for us to go ahead and back it, and
we'll next work on supplying that account class so that that red error attribute on my model attribute can go away.